well for you I need you and how old are
you Adrienne I'm nine years old you nine
years old and you will be doing what for
us today
playing piano then how long have you
been doing that before about since I was
a little boy Oh since you're a little
boy in my grade are you in right now
straight eighth grade I skipped five
grades
me too
it's okay to brag how come you skip us
on the truth no I
but why how come you're that smart
well according to reality yes according
to reality
you're gonna be in college in three
years yes but I already did ninth grade
so I'm skipping to 10th grade next year
so two years you're being closed hours a
day to practice I don't look at the
clock but even though we have one right
in front of me but um no not there at
home yes
well you see we're all very intrigued by
you already yeah you want us over
already so now win us over with your
music yes good luck to you
oh I'm exhausted from this well you've
even Mars what else if you are doing
this I am utterly and thoroughly
confused I wasn't really sure what was
going on up there how much of that was
you how much of that was track I was
totally confused I would love to play
another song yes
Adrian so you know where I said I was
confused now you've cleared my confusion
and yeah it's very good that you did
that and I'll tell you why you know what
it's interesting for a kid your age to
play so well and you're a personality
really good